The ghost killer I sent to assist you has gone missing
I suspect someone helped him extract the bone worm
How is that possible?
Now you investigate it for me.
What's going on?
I will investigate immediately.
Could it be that Lin Hao helped him take out the bones?
heavy
What the hell is Macau?
I spent so much money
Can't kill anyone for so many days
Refund the money hahahahaha
The money is mainly in my pocket
You want me to spit it out?
Do you want to cheat?
Believe it or not, you are not happy that I let you live.
You should think about it carefully.
Can you get out of here alive?
What do you want?
What are you doing?
I vow not to kill my brother's unfilial descendants
Should have had something to say about my failure
Was I in a hurry just now?
So you let me go back first
I'll prepare another 100 million for you.
Is this possible? Master Wang, look at the preparation
Hahahaha
I still want to run hahaha